1. Go to s3
2. create a bucket "datima-specialist-clinics"
AWS_BUCKET_NAME="datima-specialist-clinics"
AWS_REGION="us-east-1"
3. GO to IAM and create an IAM_USER_GROUP="datima-user-group"
Attach policy to the user group
-Search for AmazonS3FullAcess
4. Create a user ="datima-user". and add to user group
5.Still on the user tab, scroll down to the Acess key section
-create access key and select "Application running outside AWS"
store Access key and secret key
AWS_ACCESS_KEY=""
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=""
npm install @aws-sdk/client-s3

6.In the next app/ create "aws.ts" in the "src/lib" folder
7.create a file "environment.d.ts" in the top level directory

TITLE: DATIMA SPECIALIST CLINICS

ABOUT US
Datima Specialist Clinics is a patient-centered healthcare facility committed to delivering top-notch medical services in a warm, professional, and compassionate environment.

At Datima, your health and well-being come first. We are driven by professionalism, integrity, and a commitment to excellence — because you deserve care you can trust.

Our clinics are equipped with state-of-the-art medical equipment, enabling accurate diagnosis, effective treatment, and excellent clinical outcomes across all our services. From routine consultations to specialized care, we combine advanced technology with proven medical expertise to ensure the best possible patient experience.

Datima Specialist Clinics is home to renowned specialists in diverse medical fields, including general medicine, cardiology, paediatrics, obstetrics and gynaecology, dental care, eye care, radiology, laboratory services, and more. Our multidisciplinary team works collaboratively to deliver personalized, evidence-based care tailored to each patient’s needs.

OUR SERVICES
Datima Specialist Clinics offers a wide range of medical services across diverse medical fields, delivered by experienced and dedicated specialists. Our services are provided on specific days and at scheduled times to ensure optimal care and specialist availability.

To help us serve you better and reduce waiting time, we kindly encourage all patients to book an appointment in advance to see one of our specialists. This allows us to give you the attention and quality care you deserve.

Please explore our full catalogue of medical services to view detailed information on each service and its availability:

GENERAL MEDICAL/DENTAL CLINICS
Routine medical consultations. Diagnosis and treatment of common illnesses. Preventive care and health screenings. Chronic disease management
Comprehensive oral health services, including:
General Dentistry. Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery. Restorative Dentistry. Orthodontics. Preventive and cosmetic dental care
Mon: 8am - Saturday 9pm

CARDIOLOGY(Hypertension, heart related diseases)
Wednessday:12noon - 5pm

ENT( Ear, Nose and Throat)
Saturday: 10am - 2pm

OBSTERICS & GYNEACOLOGY (Pregnancy, infertility, Fibroid, endometriosis etc.)
Sunday:10am - 2pm

ENDOCRINOLOGY(Diabetes, thyroid diseases etc.)
Sunday: 2pm - 6pm

PAEDIATRICS(Children Clinic)
Friday:10am-2pm

ORAL AND MAXILLOFACIAL
Sunday: 2pm -6pm

RESTORATIVE DENTAL
Tuesday: 2pm -6pm

ORTHODONTICS
Tuesday:10am -2pm


OPTOMETRY/EYE TESTS/GLASSES
Comprehensive eye examinations. Ophthalmology services. Cataract evaluation and surgery. Glaucoma diagnosis and treatment
Vision correction and eye disease management
Monday-Saturday: 8am -5pm

LABORATORY SERVICES
Routine blood and urine tests. Reliable and timely diagnostic testing
Monday - Saturday: 8am -2pm
Sunday:2pm - 6pm


CONTACT US
If you have any questions, any feedback or you just want to contact us, please visit us at the address below:
1, Fola Agoro Street
Off Bajulaye Road,
Somulu, Lagos.
+234 9157360689
+234 9093933524

care@datimaspecialistclinics.com
admin@datimaspecialistclinics.com
Use this address, phone numbers and email address for all fliers, info and bronchures of Datima Specialist Clinics


Cardiology:
Our Cardiology clinic diagnose, treat, and prevent diseases of the cardiovascular system. We manage conditions such as coronary artery disease, heart attacks, heart failure, arrhythmias (irregular heartbeats), hypertension (high blood pressure), congenital and valvular heart disease. We also address risk factors like high cholesterol, diabetes, obesity, and other heart disease.

ENT (Ear, Nose, and Throat)
Our ENT clinic treats conditions affecting hearing, balance, breathing, speech, and swallowing. We treat common illnesses like ear infections, hearing loss, sinusitis, allergies, tonsillitis,  and throat or laryngeal disorders.

Obstetrics and Gynecology
Our OB-GYN clinic is focused on women’s reproductive health, pregnancy, and childbirth. We treats conditions such as menstrual disorders, infertility, pregnancy complications, fibroids, ovarian cysts, endometriosis, pelvic infections, menopause-related issues, and many others.

Dentistry
Our General and Dental clinic is focused on diagnosis and treatment of common illness, oral health, including the teeth, gums, and jaw. We treats conditions such as tooth decay, gum disease (gingivitis and periodontitis), tooth infections, oral pain, misaligned teeth, impacted wisdom teeth, oral lesions, jaw disorders, and cosmetic dental concerns.